his wife eats meat
why do you stay with her
he's saying there's all kinds of kooky
people out there
i'm not kooky i'm normal
yeah and me all right people like to eat
meat people i love people i live with
eat meat for god why do you live with
people who eat meat
say my wife his wife eats meat
why do you stay with her she pays people
to murder
this is okay with you
this is [ __ ]
it's your responsibility to make sure
that she becomes vegan
do whatever it takes teach her
withhold sex if you have to do not
live with somebody who's eating and
paying for the rape torture and
of animals and just think oh well
as long as i don't do it that's okay
that's not enough
you need to be vegan and you need to be
an animal rights activist
no we're not going to accept people who
hurt others if you were the victim
you would not be saying that right now
if somebody came with a knife and fork
and started to try to eat you
suddenly your opinion would change so
don't be a hypocrite
you're getting another ex certainly part
of that is going to be an acceptance
that people are different from one
another
if that vegan teacher can teach us
anything it's not actually about
veganism
or eating me i think it's about allowing
people
to express themselves and indeed to
oppose other people's
views hopefully in good grace and in
good humor
knowing that for now at least we all
share this planet together
oh hey there
just working on some [ __ ] notes
yell i mean you know obviously i think
we have to talk about is quitting
youtube
the stupidity of youtube being vegan on
the internet what the point is
being picking on the internet hopes for
the future positive things can come of
it
and what have you i just i just took on
the ultimate challenge
of trying to give my phone number to one
of the fitness instructors
at my gym you have to like um prepare
yourself kind of like
give yourself courage kind of like
you're gonna put yourself out there so
no that's that's an interesting question
that's not my problem in life i've got
infinite self-confidence
no really for me it's about being polite
so like
this woman we've like known each other
for two and a half months now
but like you know our conversations
consisted of like hey what's up
like you know like really nothing
conversations a couple days ago i was
discussing this with my chinese teacher
here
and my chinese teacher was telling me
like look like in chinese culture it's
normal
you can just walk up to a woman and say
hey you're beautiful like you should go
to lunch with me sometime
that's completely acceptable here and i
know that
but the reality is especially when
you're talking about women who are
closer to my age
most women here are already married like
if you're talking women
25 to 35 they like they either have a
serious boyfriend but really like
i expect those women to already be
married so i am i try to be
very respectful and keep my distance and
not really initiate anything
which is not normal the way chinese
culture works so there's one day so like
two months have gone by
and like like i say on that level we
know each other we had a little bit of
chit chat but you know absolutely
nothing of
of substance and uh you know there's one
day at the gym
so my gym there are separate bathrooms
for men and women but the area where you
wash your hands
is for for both genders and men and
women wash their hands on the same
same bunch of sinks with you know a big
mirror
and i do i do a lot of push-ups uh so my
you know
my hands and fists are on the or on the
floor so i go and wash my hands after
doing those kinds of push-ups
and so i walked over it's just
coincidence walked over at the same time
and she was doing this thing so she she
had she she comes up to the sink at the
same time
just standing next to each other looking
in the mirror and she looks into the
mirror and she's straight up her hair
and she's mentally preparing herself to
teach her fitness class you know
yeah it's just you know she's getting
psyched up she's getting focused
it's just coincidence i was standing
next to her and it was like that made
such an impression on me
i was thinking you know what this vegan
thing is a big deal to me
but if it turns out this woman's father
works at a slaughterhouse
and uh she like you know kills cows for
fun in her spare time
i would marry her anyway like i'm i'm
completely sold i'm completely sprung on
this one
so you know it's that kind of hypocrisy
you got to be honest yourself
and so i gave her my phone number